---
layout: yoga_post
title: "Why write a Yoga Journal?"
date: 2018Nov17
teaser: I successfully completed one year of daily practice on 2018October27 and with that goal accomplished, I've been having difficulty connecting with my Yoga. I'm hopeful that a daily yoga journal will help with that ;-p
tags: why, intro
---

I successfully completed one year of daily practice on 2018October27 and with that goal accomplished... my motivation for yoga is lost. Which is weird... I know yoga will feel awesome (it always does) and I know it is worth the time (it always is) but here I sit on my computer, surfing away the time until I convince myself it's better to just go to sleep -which it's not!

So, if I'm drawn to my computer once the kids go to bed let's use that to my advantage rather then fight against it. Let's use that time to plan my yoga for the night in journal form and hope that get's me on my mat. What better time to start then now?

Okay, how do I feel tonight? My neck is sore and my head is clouded, my throat is rough with sickness. Usually when I'm sick, my go to practice is "Yoga for when you're sick" -imaginative, I know ;-p. I love how she reminds me to take care, to uncrumple and, most importantly, that my immune system is working perfectly. It's funny how sometimes it's the message that calls to me, not the Asana themselves...

 - Video: Yoga for when you are SICK
 - Artist: Yoga with Adriene
 - Duration: 20 min
 - YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5YvtYXSocw
 - Membership: https://yogawithadriene.vhx.tv/videos/yoga-for-when-you-are-sick

Wow, that went fast. Usually when I do this practice I veer off the rail road tracks so to speak and find what feels good but today I actually stuck to the video as it was intended with the exception of a few extra downward dogs. It's funny, I distictly remember the first time I did this video thinkning: "Really, some people Need a downward dog?" and now I'm totally one of those people. There's something about a mobile downward dog that feels so Amazing as it stretches all the right places -much better then a cat/cow for me at least. I finished out the practice with a reclined cobblers pose with my back bent over my bolster -Ahhhh! So Amazing!
